Add alternative overview (#96)
UWC2-APIDOC/to-do-service-public: docs/api/overview_mhull.md

---
layout: page
---

# To-Do Service Overview - mhull

![To-Do service logo](to-do-service-logo-mhull.jpg)

***Effortlessly Manage Your Tasks, Anytime, Anywhere.***

The To-Do service is a powerful, cloud-based platform that allows you to seamlessly
create, manage, and get reminders for your tasks, helping you stay organized and
productive. It offers an API that enables other applications and services to
integrate and utilize its features.

---

- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Support and Resources](#support-and-resources)
- [Change Log](#change-log)

---

## Features

- Task Creation

>   - Seamlessly create new tasks.

Reviewer: My linter says the second-level bullets should be indented by 4 spaces instead of 2.

Author: Hmm...mine complains if I indent by 4, but I indented it anyway.

Reviewer: That can be configured by a setting in VSCode.
In VSCode settings, search for `markdownlint`.
It'll give you a link to `Edit in settings.json`.
Adding (or modifying) this block is how that's configured:
```
    "markdownlint.config": {
        "MD007": { "indent": 4 }
    },
```
Thanks for letting me know. I'll send this to the class so we're all on the same page.

  - Specify task details such as title, description, due date, and alerts.

- Task Management

  - Update existing tasks with new information.
  - Delete tasks that are no longer needed.

- Due Dates

  - Set due dates for upcoming tasks.
  - Customize warning time to alert user of task.

- And more!  

## Getting Started

> To get started, follow this [quick tutorial](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-public/tutorials/before-you-start-a-tutorial)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, follow this [quick tutorial](../tutorials/before-you-start-a-tutorial.md)
```
Please fix all the link targets to use relative paths and the source filename extension. This way the links will stay on the site from which they were built and not jump to another site that might not be running or built with the same version of the docs.

to set up your development system.

Once you development system is setup, try
[enrolling a new user](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-public/tutorials/enroll-a-new-user)
and then [adding a new task](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-public/tutorials/add-a-new-task).

## Documentation

Dive deeper into our [documentation](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-public/)
to explore all the features and capabilities of the To-Do service API.

## Support and Resources

- **Tutorials:** Comprehensive [tutorials](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-public/#tutorials)
to help you get started and make the most of our API.
- **Reference:** Detailed
[API reference](https://uwc2-apidoc.github.io/to-do-service-public/#api-reference-docs)
for all available endpoints and their usage.
- **Support:** Need help? Contact us on our Slack channel [`#get-it-done`](https://todoservice.slack.com/messages/get-it-done.
)

> ## Change Log

Reviewer: Nice touch!
